1. Cucumber is a tool that is depedent on BDD frame work. Main aim of Behaviour driven development framework is to allow various project role like BA, QA team or developers to understand the application without diving deep into the technical aspects.

2. Gherkin is a language used by the cucumber tool.It is simple English representation of the application behaviour. uses different keywords to describe the behaviour of 
application like feature, scenario, scenario outline, given , when, then etc.,

3.A feature file must provide a high level description of an  application under test. First line must start with keyword feature following the description of AUT.
Feature file may include multiple scenarios in the same file. it should have .feature extension

4. GIVEN, when , then, and, but are keywords

5. Scenario outline is a way of parametirizing scenarios
ideally used when same scenario needs to be executed multiple sets of data with same test steps.
Scenario outline must be followed by 'Examples' which specifies the set of value for each parameter

6. cucumber tool provides support for multiple programming languages such as .net.ruby, java. Also it is integrated with multiple tools like selenium

7.Purpose of step definition file in cucumber - Each step of feature file will be mapped to corresponding method on step definition file
While feature files are written in easily understandable language like gherkin, step definition files are written in programming languages like java, .net, Ruby etc;

8. Advantages of cucumber framework
- Cucumber is an open source tool
- Plain text representation easier to make for non technical users to understand the scenarios
- Bridges the communication gap between various project stake holders such as Business Analysts, Developers and QA personnel.
- Automation testcases developed using cucumber tool are eaier to maintain and understand as well
- Easy to integrate with other tools like selenium
9. Example of a feature file for the scenario 

Feature: Login to the application

scenario: Login to the Gmail application

Given Open chrome browser and login to gmail
When user enters the username on to the username field
and user enters the password on to the password field
and user clicks on Login button
Then validates user login is successful
limit 
10. Example for feature file of scenario outline

Scenario Outline: Upload a file

Given user is on upload file screen
When a user clicks on the Browse button
And user enter <filename> to upload
and user clicks on the enter button
Then verify the file upload is successful

Examples:
|filename|
|file 1|
|file 2|

11. Purpose of BDD 
It is to understand the functionality of an application in a simple plain text representation
This framework aim is to make various project roles such as BA's QA developers and support team to understand the application without diving deep in to technical aspects

12. Limit the maximum number of scenarios up to 10 but it depends on project to project and organization to organization

13. Background keyword is used to group the multiple given statements in to a single group
This is used when same set of given statements are repeated in a scenario of feature file

14. symbol for parameterization used in cucumber
| symbol

15. Examples keyword in cucumber
Examples keyword is used to specify values for each parameter used in sceanario. Scenario outline keyword must be followed by the keyword Examples

16. File extension for a feature is .feature. It is written in notepad file and saved with .feature extension

17. Purpose of 	Cucumber options tag
It is used to provide a link between the feature file and step definition file. Each step of the feature file is mapped to the
corresponding method in the step definition file
@CucumberOptions(features="Features",glue={"StepDefinition"})

18. When is cucumber used in real time
Cucumber tool is generally used in real time to write acceptance tests for an application. It is generally used by non technical people such as
Business Analysts and Functional testers etc.,


19. what is the use of BDD in Agile methodology?
Non technical users use BDD to draft requirements and provide same for the development for implementation
In Agile methodology user stories can be written in the form of feature file and the same can be taken up for implementation by developers

20.Given - precondition
   When - action performed by user
   Then - Expected result
   And - to join one or more statements into a single statement

21. Cucumber natural plug in is used to integrate eclipse with cucumber

22. Test Runner - It is used to provide link between feature file and step definition file. 
A test runner class is generally an empty class with no class definition

23. Starting point of execution for feature files must be TestRunner file, when integrated with selenium

24. Nocode should be written in TestRunner class
It should include the tags @RunWith and @CucumberOptions

25. Features property under Cucumber Options tag, is used to let cucumber framework identify the location of feature files

26. Use of glue property uner Cucumber Options tag, is used to identify the location of step definition files.

27. Maximum number of step that are written in the scenario are 3 to 4 steps

